In this section we'll learn about the localization or in other words translating your application into
different languages.
So first let's see a quick demo of what you will achieve at the end of this section.
I will stress that again this is only what you will see after completing this section.
Okay now let's logging as a user that I have set up to have a different language.
So notice what happens.
Everything it is is in English.
Now this person logs in and suddenly everything is in German so the home page is in German.
The blog posts the menu on the top everything on the right.
You can see that there now the texts saying Who are the deposed and when is in German.
Also the tax.
Sorry the days that have passed are in German.
Target is actually a day in German.
Also we have correct a singular and plural forms like free commentator.
Then there is one commentator or aim commentator and also when there are no comments the text is also
in German.
When you go to the blog post The View also everything is in German now I will also add those links to
the profile.
Finally to our menu and to the profile editing for authenticated users what we'll also do is the possibility
for users to change their language and this will be stored for them.
So let's say this guy is actually using German as his language.
So Deutsche Now let's change him to Spanish and immediately you can see the web page is in Spanish so
of course not everything because well let's not waste time to translate every single message.
But let's say almost 90 percent of our page is in Spanish.
And what isn't.
We'll default to English so we'll also know how to work and what happens when you have some missing
translation so you haven't translated everything yet.
So we can also see that it looks like almost correct Spanish.
I have no idea to be our idea to be honest because I don't know Spanish at all.
But anyway this guy now has the page in Spanish when he logs out then you can see the page in English
which is a default language for the session.
If we logging again you can remember that we have saved Spanish as this guy's language.
And then again everything is back in Spanish so what we will actually also see is how to change the
language for the user for the current session and we'll do that in a very neat way using the euro else.
So maybe let's take a look at the blog posts so take a look at the others bar and what you see is a
lot of old dot test slash posts.
So that's the default address that we have set up using larval roots.
But since this course is based on somebody we are using Apache I will also show you how to modify it
so you can do links like this using the language as part of the url.
So E for German slash boats and when you press enter.
Now you can see that the page is in German and also when the user will be clicking other links.
Now his session becomes German.
You can also do that in Spanish.
So now you can see the home page and we are in Spanish so we'll achieve that by creating finally creating
our root middleware that will actually set the user language for the session depending on their request
argument or the language that will be stored inside that database.
As we see here on the user profile of course after you logging.
So this will be remembered for the user and also you will be able to create those great SEO links by
adding our specific language for particular user so he can see the page in the language that he knows.